# SNS Subscription Filtering.

In this section, we will demonstrate an aspect of the SNS service:

+ Filtering the messages that are pushed to a subscriber.

Download [this archive][snsstart], unzip it, import it into VS Code, and run the following commands:
~~~bash
$ npm install
$ npm run schema
$ cdk deploy
~~~
This app's stack was discussed in the lecture qnd is described below:
~~~
                                 (Subscriber)
                     |--<Filter>---> SQS Q -------> Lambda fn.
                     |
AWS CLI ----> SNS Topic --<Filter>---> Lambda (Subscriber)
                 
~~~

The filter on the lambda function subscription only allows messages with the user type attribute set to Student or Lecturer. The filter in the SQS queue subscription allows messages with the source attribute that starts with Moodle or Slack, except for those with a user type of Lecturer. See `lib/sns-demo-stack.ts` for the declarations of the filters. To test them, publish a message to the SNS topic using the AWS CLI as follows (use the SNS topic ARN outputted by your deploy command):
~~~bash
aws sns publish --topic-arn "arn:aws:sns:eu-west-1:your-topic-arn" --message-attributes file://attributes.json --message file://message.json
~~~
The command uses local JSON files for specifying the message attributes and body - examine their content. Based on the attributes, the message should have passed through both subscription filters. Confirm this by checking in Cloudwatch that both lambda functions have a log stream that shows the message was processed.

Make the following changes to the JSON files:
+ In the body, set the user's name to 'User 2'.
+ Set the user type attribute to Lecturer.

Repeat the AWS CLI command above. This time, the ProcessSNS log stream (the lambda subscriber) should show the message was processed, whereas the processSQS stream (the lambda polling the queue) should not have executed. Check the CloudWatch logs to confirm this.

Make the following changes to the JSON files:
+ In the body, set the user's name to 'User 3'.
+ Set the user type attribute to Student and the source attribute to Slack-DS.

Repeat the AWS CLI command above. Both lambda functions shoul process this message.

Try a few more examples yourself.

## Clean Up.

Delete this stack infrastructure:
~~~bash
$ cdk destroy
~~~


[snsstart]: ./img/snsstart.zip
[snsdlq]: ./img/snsdlq.png
[retries]: ./img/retries.png
