## SNS Subscription Filtering (NEW).

In this section, we will demonstrate how to configure a filter for an SNS subscription so that only particular messages reach the subscriber component.

Download [this archive][snsstart], unzip it, import it into VS Code, and run the following commands:
~~~bash
$ npm install
$ cdk deploy
~~~
This app's stack was discussed in the lecture and is illustrated below:
~~~
                                 (Subscriber)
                     |--<Filter>---> SQS Q -------> Lambda fn.
                     |
AWS CLI ----> SNS Topic 
                     |
                     |--<Filter>---> Lambda (Subscriber)
                 
~~~

The filter on the lambda function subscription only allows messages with the user type attribute set to Student or Lecturer. The filter on the SQS queue subscription only allows messages with a source attribute that starts with Moodle or Slack, except for those with a user type of Lecturer. See `lib/sns-demo-stack.ts` for the filter declarations. 

To test the filters, publish a message to the SNS topic using the AWS CLI as follows (use the SNS topic ARN outputted by your deploy command):
~~~bash
aws sns publish --topic-arn "arn:aws:sns:eu-west-1:your-topic-arn" --message-attributes file://attributes.json --message file://message.json
~~~
The command uses local JSON files to specify the message attributes and body — see `message.json` and `attributes.json`. Based on the attributes, the message should have passed through both subscription filters. Confirm in Cloudwatch that both lambda functions have a log stream showing the message was processed.

Make the following changes to the JSON files:
+ In the body (`message.json`), set the user's name to 'User 2'.
+ Set the user type attribute (`attributes.json`) to Lecturer.

Repeat the above AWS CLI command. This time, the ProcessSNS log stream should show that the message was processed, whereas the processSQS stream (the queue consumer) should not. Check the CloudWatch logs to confirm this.

Make the following changes to the JSON files:
+ In the body, set the user's name to 'User 3'.
+ Set the user type attribute to Student and the source attribute to Slack-DS.

Repeat the AWS CLI command. Both lambda functions should process this message.

Try a few more examples yourself.

## Clean Up.

Delete this stack infrastructure:
~~~bash
$ cdk destroy
~~~


[snsstart]: ./img/snsstart.zip
[snsdlq]: ./img/snsdlq.png
[retries]: ./img/retries.png
